before we begin let me start by saying
that back in the eighties Hollywood held
a meeting to decide the best way to
convince people that a war between the
United States and the Soviet Union was a
bad idea and I'll be damned if in that
meeting Sylvester Stallone didn't raise
his hand and say are you thinking we
could make this movie where our American
sights of Russia and then the Russian
kills it and then the friend of that
dead American can go inside the same
Russian in Russia a bit of carbon that's
true story the styles of our movie today
ah the cast of rocky and rocky to a
rocky three world coincidence plus some
blond people that never smile blue Oh
Stewart begins with our dear old friend
Rocky Balboa getting back to his old so
peaceful life a few years after beating
the hell out of mr. T in that last movie
that hardly anybody watched look his
life is perfect he got a nice car too
money to buy his brother-in-law Polly a
robot because Polly ain't got no real
friends and it's celebrating his eighth
year anniversary of being married to
that lady who gave him his first dog all
those years ago
just remember ladies the best way to a
man's heart is through his Butkus but I
was just
it's Yvonne Drago coming to put you in
your Yvonne grave oh but Apollo sees
that this big scary hunk of Draco wants
to prove his stuff against rocket so
Apollo does the most Apollo thing he can
think of and decides to hog all the
spotlight by challenging the big mean
rushing machine to a fight to the death
oh it's not to the dance somebody
bathtub drain go down here's fight night
and among the only one that feels kind
of bad for Drago in this scene coming
from a communist country where they
ain't no damn show business or dancing
or half-naked ladies or any colorful
presentation of anything look at the
poor bastard sitting there like you
don't know what the [ __ ] is going on you
know you come from some higher coach
when you don't even feel the urge to
dance when you hear James Brown look
this performance don't surprise rocky
he's been dealing with this type of
Apollo since day one
remember the goat on the float yes so do
i so the fight starts and no
I told Ringo that wasn't to the death
I'm kind of surprised this movies
already throw the way through but it's
just a big ball of ate his cheese it
ain't hard to cut through oh and rocket
Bear is Apollo with the boxing champion
belt that rocket beat Apollo to get and
I just wanted to mention that just in
case you will really determine the cry
over this scene but I just think that's
ahead but you know who is sad rocky he's
so depressed and his friend got killed
but he thinks it's a good idea to fight
the killer of said friend
he never was too bright and of course
Moe women mo problems
Hema girl ray told you about just women
weaken legs and common sense not that
you got any know praying might look like
brown burger by now
all them blues you two from Apollo a mr.
t you know them dudes must have been
heartless how could you hit a man as
dumb as rocket that's cruel and unusual
punishment that'd be like shaving your
dog just before winner yeah I know you
shaved a dog's mama she did pole tanning
dog wearing around the house and a
build-a-bear rope trying to stay balm
put back to rocky who heads to Russia
with no woman no damn brains and with
nothing but memories of Al he and his
buddy used to be fat belong together
except that last really sad memory of
how he watched his friend get smited
right in front of him and to add insult
to injury they set the sadness to a
techie 80s power ballad oh yeah and
don't forget rocky comes equipped with a
clean pair of American flag teen boxer
shorts god I hope they clean because no
doubt that last low from Drago knocked
the Hershey bars right out of ball Paulo
when they get there Paulo's old trainer
Duke tells Rocky I've raised Apollo now
I know you're probably gonna die when
you [ __ ] that big blond behemoth but I
just want you to know that Apollo would
appreciate you taking a street knock
doctor beaten in his memory that's some
sweet Rocky is touched in that hand so
rocky do some training then one day she
was there in hideous shoes now rocket
really motivated because nothing gets
the juices flowing and make you really
want to beat the tootsie rolls out of
another man like love and Drago uses a
bunch of artificial fooey to train his
body while rocket becomes one with
Mother Earth's and Mother Russia and the
natural things that really make a man
strong this mover has motivated me ain't
going to the gym to workout no more I'm
gonna get fit like a real man
by sitting my in the grass and there's a
fight and it's a love I skip
and apparently Rocky's fighting spirit
is so strong that he actually get the
Russians to cheer for him instead that
countrymen which I'm pretty sure would
never happen but come on y'all is the
fault damn moving now yeah anybody
really think pocket wasn't gonna beat
that Russian but that's not the real
point see it's about how rocky defeats
communism though some such see Apollo
was a symbol of us a loud and arrogant
then Russia deals a blow but the rocket
represents another side of America and
goes and shows them how USA stands for
us awesome
and we're expected to believe this is
what would really happen because this is
make-believe when you know what's coming
[Music]
it was all softie buns of steel a heart
of gold and a brain of mush but that's
why we always cry we don't because deep
down inside we don't want no fighting
we just want hugs don't y'all get more
hugs
Diane be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular fix of meth
you can expect me upload more videos
after I recover from my grass that
shouldn't be long because it Sun
seasonably cold down here and the ground
is already freezing my buns of steel if
you would like to help me with this
channel please consider supporting me on
patreon like these fine muffins warm
muffins like warm buns which mine ain't
for movies explain for I'm James
Rocketdyne